.TH XCACHE 1
.SH NAME
xcache \- ccache for everything
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B \fBxcache\fR \fBoptions\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
Xcache is a tool for tracing and then caching the outputs of arbitrary programs.
You run something once with xcache observing it. If its inputs have not changed
the next time you execute it, xcache can retrieve the outputs it cached from the
previous run and avoid re-executing the program.
.PP
The purpose of this is to save time spent executing programs that do complicated
calculations. The prime example is a compiler. Running a compiler on a large
program can take a long time due to time spent computing optimisations. Xcache
can save you spending this time repeatedly in future compilations.
.PP
If you are familiar with
.BR ccache(1)
xcache tries to do the same thing, but for any program, not just your C
compiler.
.SH OPTIONS
\fB--debug\fR
.RS
Enable debugging output. Debugging messages will be printed to stderr.
.RE
.PP
\fB--[enable|disable]-record\fR
.RS
Switch process recording capability on or off. By default this is enabled.
\fB--disable-record\fR causes Xcache to operate on its backing database in
read-only mode.
.RE
.PP
\fB--[enable|disable]-replay\fR
.RS
Switch process replaying capability on or off. By default this is enabled.
\fB--disable-replay\fR causes Xcache to operate on its backing database in
write-only mode. When used together with \fB--disable-record\fR this causes
Xcache to operate in pass-through mode where the traced process is simply
executed.
.RE
.SH AUTHOR
All comments, questions and complaints should be directed to Matthew Fernandez
<matthew.fernandez@gmail.com>.
.SH LICENSE
This is free and unencumbered software released into the public domain.

Anyone is free to copy, modify, publish, use, compile, sell, or
distribute this software, either in source code form or as a compiled
binary, for any purpose, commercial or non-commercial, and by any
means.

In jurisdictions that recognize copyright laws, the author or authors
of this software dedicate any and all copyright interest in the
software to the public domain. We make this dedication for the benefit
of the public at large and to the detriment of our heirs and
successors. We intend this dedication to be an overt act of
relinquishment in perpetuity of all present and future rights to this
software under copyright law.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

For more information, please refer to <http://unlicense.org>
